MP-6060: Add customer specific prices documentation (#877)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/marketplace/dev/feature-integration-guides/202108.0/merchant-portal-marketplace-customer-specific-prices-feature-integration.md

---
title: Merchant Portal - Marketplace Customer Specific Prices feature integration
last_updated: Apr 20, 2022
description: This document describes the process how to integrate the Marketplace Customer Specific Prices into the Spryker Merchant Portal.
template: feature-integration-guide-template
---

This document describes how to integrate the Merchant Portal - Marketplace Customer Specific Prices feature into a Spryker project.

## Install feature core

Follow the steps below to install the Merchant Portal - Marketplace Customer Specific Prices feature core.

### Prerequisites

To start feature integration, integrate the required features:

| NAME | VERSION | INTEGRATION GUIDE |
| --------- | ------ |-----------------|
| Marketplace Merchant Custom Prices | {{page.version}} | |
| Marketplace Merchant Portal Product Management | {{page.version}} | |

spryker-feature/merchant-custom-prices
spryker-feature/marketplace-merchant-portal-product-management

### 1) Install the required modules using Composer

> Install the required module:

Author: why module**s**, if only one module required?

        ];
    }

    /**
     * @return array<\Spryker\Zed\ProductMerchantPortalGuiExtension\Dependency\Plugin\PriceProductAbstractTableConfigurationExpanderPluginInterface>
     */
    protected function getPriceProductAbstractTableConfigurationExpanderPlugins(): array
    {
        return [
            new MerchantRelationshipPriceProductAbstractTableConfigurationExpanderPlugin(),
        ];
    }

    /**
     * @return array<\Spryker\Zed\ProductMerchantPortalGuiExtension\Dependency\Plugin\PriceProductConcreteTableConfigurationExpanderPluginInterface>
     */
    protected function getPriceProductConcreteTableConfigurationExpanderPlugins(): array
    {
        return [
            new MerchantRelationshipPriceProductConcreteTableConfigurationExpanderPlugin(),
        ];
    }

    /**
     * @return array<\Spryker\Zed\ProductMerchantPortalGuiExtension\Dependency\Plugin\PriceProductMapperPluginInterface>
     */
    protected function getPriceProductMapperPlugins(): array
    {
        return [
            new MerchantRelationshipPriceProductMapperPlugin(),
        ];
    }
}
```

</details>

{% info_block warningBox "Verification" %}

> Log in to the Merchant Portal with a merchant with merchant relationships.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log in to the Merchant Portal with a merchant that has at least one merchant relationship. 
```

> Open any product for edit and make sure that the Customer column in the Price section is updatable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open any merchant product and make sure that the Prices table containes "Customer" column. Make sure that you  can create a new customer price or even a butch of them by setting, amongst other things, an appropriate customer in the Customer field.  Make sure that you can delete the customer price. And make sure that you see the validation error while attempting to set or create the customer price for the volume price.```

Reviewer: As for me - I'd divide this verification into several blocks per plugin group installation to discribe what each group do.

Verify that the following changes have been applied by checking your database:

| DATABASE ENTITY | TYPE   | EVENT     |
|-----------------|--------|-----------|
| spy_acl_rule.bundle   | column | updated   |
| spy_acl_rule.controller   | column | updated   |

{% endinfo_block %}

### 3) Set up the transfer objects

Generate transfer changes:

```bash
console transfer:generate
```

{% info_block warningBox "Verification" %}

Make sure that the following changes were applied in transfer objects:

| TRANSFER  | TYPE  | EVENT | PATH |
| - | - | - | - |
| PriceProductCollectionDeleteCriteria | class | Created | src/Generated/Shared/Transfer/PriceProductCollectionDeleteCriteriaTransfer |
| PriceProductCollectionResponse | class | Created | src/Generated/Shared/Transfer/PriceProductCollectionResponseTransfer |
| PriceProductMerchantRelationshipCollectionDeleteCriteria | class | Created | src/Generated/Shared/Transfer/PriceProductMerchantRelationshipCollectionDeleteCriteriaTransfer |
| PriceProductMerchantRelationshipCollectionResponse | class | Created | src/Generated/Shared/Transfer/PriceProductMerchantRelationshipCollectionResponseTransfer |

> | PriceProductTableView | class | Created | src/Generated/Shared/Transfer/PriceProductTableViewTransfer |

Author: It looks like nothing should be changed after Prerequisites installation.
Removed the chapter about transfer generation at all.

| PriceProductTableCriteria | class | Created | src/Generated/Shared/Transfer/PriceProductTableCriteriaTransfer |
| PriceProductCriteria.withAllMerchantPrices | property | Created | src/Generated/Shared/Transfer/PriceProductCriteriaTransfer |
| PriceProductDimension.idPriceProductDefault | property | Created | src/Generated/Shared/Transfer/PriceProductDimensionTransfer |
| PriceProduct.priceTypeName | property | Created | src/Generated/Shared/Transfer/PriceProductTransfer |
| PriceProductDimension.name | property | Created | src/Generated/Shared/Transfer/PriceProductDimensionTransfer |

{% endinfo_block %}

> ### 4) Configure price product group key pre-build plugins

Reviewer: All the plugins sections we can grouped in "Set up behavior" section with the plugins table accordingly.
Example: docs/marketplace/dev/feature-integration-guides/202108.0/marketplace-order-management-feature-integration.md

    {
        return [
            new MerchantRelationshipPriceProductTableFilterPlugin(),
        ];
    }

    /**
     * @return array<\Spryker\Zed\ProductMerchantPortalGuiExtension\Dependency\Plugin\PriceProductAbstractTableConfigurationExpanderPluginInterface>
     */
    protected function getPriceProductAbstractTableConfigurationExpanderPlugins(): array
    {
        return [
            new MerchantRelationshipPriceProductAbstractTableConfigurationExpanderPlugin(),
        ];
    }

    /**
     * @return array<\Spryker\Zed\ProductMerchantPortalGuiExtension\Dependency\Plugin\PriceProductConcreteTableConfigurationExpanderPluginInterface>
     */
    protected function getPriceProductConcreteTableConfigurationExpanderPlugins(): array
    {
        return [
            new MerchantRelationshipPriceProductConcreteTableConfigurationExpanderPlugin(),
        ];
    }

    /**
     * @return array<\Spryker\Zed\ProductMerchantPortalGuiExtension\Dependency\Plugin\PriceProductMapperPluginInterface>
     */
    protected function getPriceProductMapperPlugins(): array
    {
        return [
            new MerchantRelationshipPriceProductMapperPlugin(),
        ];
    }
}

> ```

Reviewer: Please, add Verification block
